So the guys are here in a place I
I hoped it would not fall that this way
lies get to know you think fall
in Russian itápolis in the un of the airplane
happened to the plane right're ordinary there is
80 people through the worldwide network
Juvenile group takes care of the guys I never
Do not want to be alone from the middle
that this dying and I have to pay
another on the beach of cunhaú bar
then the guy took the motherfucker left me
alone in the middle of one in the middle of the
ivory
the college that the college is the place where
I the team beat everton until then.
that men but their good and people
I think it must be a bad bullet.
that for many an animal there is no
marine census did not win over me
school dying at school meets
did not find anything to see bullet bullet
he has a good team here has 11
I got the ball, my god, no pressure.
I killed my god my god claims to have in
classroom
the bok bullet food bullet bullet
My god is 216 to the bullet when you miss
seismic tremor from above is no longer a
time for me gym about 10 o'clock
ground with very closed very low
The mother in rafah is going to die easy not
It's going to be 39min, my love to our lady.
will it be that such a mother but not the same
will be called now the point guard tyreke
evans and the world cup our sunday
I 'm going to die, I 'm going and not in white.
room and not division b is severe
opa
kill kills or hit the car and not me
morri galera morgan is what happened
Do not even know the block google
Let's see if anyone who is still there is
there's no one alive
died everyone come to call let's go
see the situation of the galley
This team is flying was already in
Caracas, what's good, I will not turn around.
they took everything well the guy plays well seems
the look of the church the church was still searching
to join them are the guys have joined
preserve father
then when it was in the church
Good, the guy almost died right now.
opa the girl that entering the network ie ii
her head homie I'll die
died
He missed another now return any
crazy is another incentive when it comes to
to win here in the corner
I think it does not work very well.
the horde of zombies that key in that
see on me it comes right up
We kissed a kiss to the wall and it's
important too
I've been talking about him wanting to
guys sing one year following the
pop up here was just like this
everything here is a fabric of the famato galera
from gm
the fight took place down there we're going to leave
for another video was to show how you win
if the one who is not even here is a
video if you want to see another box
has a blocking dead channel has a bis
bock should that is so well the hour and a half
but then we like the Jonas video only
here below and show how the
problems they like was the way
contrary to me that I died in the beginning
but the wait is worth kisses and even dies